# MEG Data Classification
## Introduction
The following report contains a detailed analysis and an overview of the methods used to generate a set of decoding time series pertaining to MEG data. The aim of a decoding analysis: “is to 'decode' different perceptual stimuli or cognitive states over time from dynamic brain activation patterns” (Grootswagers et al, 2017, p. 2). Due to the fact that MEG data is a specific type of neuroimaging time series data, a decoding analysis is well suited for data of its nature. In this particular example, the MEG data is collected from an individual over a single session that consisted of multiple trials. In each trial, the individual was shown a series of images in rapid succession. In this series of images, there was a target image. If the individual was able to correctly identify the presence of the target image, the corresponding MEG data was labeled correct. Conversely, if the individual was not able to correctly identify the presence of the target image, the corresponding MEG data was labeled incorrect. The MEG scan collects data from the individual from -385ms to 902ms from image onset. The purpose of this decoding analysis is to determine if it is possible to predict whether an individual identified the presence of an image based on MEG data as well as how the accuracy of this prediction over time and with different image sets. The following report consists of three sections: methods, results and a conclusion. First, the methods section will provide an overview of how the set of decoding time series were generated. Next, the set of decoding time-series will be presented and analyzed in the results section. Lastly, the conclusion will highlight any relevant insights throughout this paper. 

